Miss Guo, you don't have to listen to this nonsense
As expected of him, he wants to cheat your money in the name of Hou Lao
I promise in my name
Hou Lao's body is absolutely fine
Don't talk about golden knots
There's been no problem for 10 years.
Did you take the dean's moral education?
Is it more important than human life?
Take the dean
Calm down Yang Ming
I heard that you bullied Minmin in a bet a few days ago
So let's make a bet today
Dare to bet with me
What dare not
Well, if you're so sure
Grandpa Hou will have physical problems today
Then let's take a gamble
If Mr. Hou can survive today safely
Then you kneel on the spot
Kowtow to Miss Hou for tea
And take your eyeballs off
Give it to Miss Hou as an apology
You are so bad
But I promised you
But what if you lose?
If I lose
Kneel and kowtow
Give you tea and worship
You mean it
Not humiliating enough
Okay, what do you want?
If Hou Lao really has a problem
I don't have to say anything.
The country will naturally not let you go
How about this?
Don't Liang Shao believe in the countless things that please you?
Of course, if you lose
I have to tell everyone here
How did you slander me for rape?
How did you covet my cemetery?
Yang Min
OK, it's settled.